Add the explanation of how to sample the best expected params to FAQ (#5339)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/faq.rst

    study = optuna.create_study()
    study.optimize(objective, n_trials=100)

> How can I sample the best expected parameters based on the evaluated trials?

Reviewer: I think some people need the parameters without sampling a new trial, so maybe it's beneficial to introduce the non-sampler way that directly uses `_gp` classes?

Reviewer: Also it should be pointed out that this is a "hack" and it is not officially supported. It is possible that the interface changes in the future.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the optimization often overtunes the parameters of an objective function with an observational noise, it is convenient to sample the best parameters based on the debiased objective function.
:class:`~optuna.samplers.GPSampler` enables us to sample the best expected parameters using the mean estimation of parameters.

> Note that the best expected parameters are defined as :math:`\mathrm{arg}\min_{x \in X} \mathbb{E}_{f}[f(x)]` where :math:`f` follows the Gaussian process.

Reviewer 2: Is $X$ is a set of suggested params in a trial and $x$ is a one param in the suggested params as in the example below? Can we clarify $X$ and $x$ here?

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy as np

    import optuna
    import optuna._gp.acqf as acqf
    from optuna._gp.optim_mixed import optimize_acqf_mixed

    class BestExpectedParamSampler(optuna.samplers.GPSampler):
        # Inherit `GPSampler` so as to use another acquisition function.

        def _optimize_acqf(self, acqf_params, best_params):
            # Copy the parameters necessary for acquisition functions.
            acqf_params_kwargs = acqf_params.__dict__.copy()
            # Use `UCB` with beta=0 to estimate the mean of an input.
            acqf_params_kwargs.update(acqf_type=acqf.AcquisitionFunctionType.UCB, beta=0.0)
            # Create another AcquisitionFunctionParams for mean estimations.
            acqf_params = acqf.AcquisitionFunctionParams(**acqf_params_kwargs)
            # Optimize the mean estimator. (Use self._rng.rng optionally for reproducibility.)
            best_normalized_params, _ = optimize_acqf_mixed(acqf_params)
            return best_normalized_params

    def objective(trial, evaluate_func=True):
        X = np.array([trial.suggest_float(f"x{i}", -5, 5) for i in range(2)])
        if evaluate_func:

>             # Could be a very expensive evaluation in practice such as a training of DNN.

Reviewer 2: I agree that DNN is a widely used abbreviation, but `deep neural networks` sounds more reader-friendly.
```suggestion
            # Could be a very expensive evaluation in practice such as a training of deep neural networks.
```
